Update Support blurb (#6915)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-support.md

We want to help you work through implementing and utilizing dbt Cloud at your organization. Have a question you can't find an answer to in [our docs](https://docs.getdbt.com/) or [the Community Forum](https://discourse.getdbt.com/)? Our Support team is here to `dbt help` you!

> - **Enterprise plans** &mdash; Premium [support](#severity-level-for-enterprise-support) with more coverage and service level agreements (SLAs), dedicated management, and dbt Labs security reviews depending on price point.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Enterprise plans** &mdash; Priority [support](#severity-level-for-enterprise-support), optional premium plans, enhanced SLAs, implementation assistance, dedicated management, and dbt Labs security reviews depending on price point.
```

> - **Enterprise plans** &mdash; Priority [support](#severity-level-for-enterprise-support), optional premium plans, enhanced SLAs, implementation assistance, dedicated management, and dbt Labs security reviews depending on price point.

Reviewer: Just curious what optional premium plans mean?
